
General goals of the workshop:
- Find out what aspiring entrepreneurs want & need, and how we can help them
- Insire participants for non profit business and our workshop series
- 50/50 talking/interaction as a goal 

To-Dos:
- Prepare 30 minutes 'What kind of business do we want to do?' inspirational talk, including ROS case study (Melanie)
- Prepare 20 minutes 'What do we want to do with NPV' of this workshop (Noah)
- Email Mailing List: Event announcement (Noah)
- Get back to the 
- ask ACE about drinks, e.g. 3 bottles water/juice (Melanie)
- Purchase sticky notes



10 minute welcome & introducing ourselves

20 minutes for introductions of participants (so whe know who we are working with) and collecting expectations (so whe know what they want, what their ideas are -> we can potentially tailor elements for them)

2h: Then content & interactive modules. Consisting of:
30 minutes: What kind of business do we want to do? non profit business? social entrepreneurship? FFI? ROS case study.
30 minutes: What do we want with NPV: 
15 minute break & drinks
1+h (hand out post-its, let them think for a few minutes and then present) What do you need: what is your challenge? How could these workshops help you in achieving that?

agile process & product management, business models & development (case study ROS), finance, personality & team development


Melanie

get back today
+ Email list

I will email the mailing list:

3
9

10 minute welcome & introducing ourselves
20 minutes for introductions of participants (so whe know who we are working with) and collecting expectations (so whe know what they want, what their ideas are -> we can potentially tailor elements for them)
2h: Then content & interactive modules on: social entrepreneurship, agile process & product management, business models & development (case study ROS), finance, personality & team development

how can we abbreviate it:
- high level stuff

follow up workshops:
option on the table
depending on what you want -> we can make follow up workshops
Agile
Series -> depending on what you want
Some people join for some, and others for others

30 minutes: collecting intense feedback (using a facilitation method like 5 finger model to make people say the truth if they are too nice).

Not going to be perfect.
Milestone.
Babysteps.

How do you want communicate with us and stay informed (LinkedIn, Mailing list)? 

Spirit
